Extension Fields for Class and Method Names in OpenApi Generator (#159)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/rest/generate-rest-client.mdx

In order to use the generated client library, either the SAP Cloud SDK BOM should be part of your project's `<dependencyManagement>` section or the version for the `openapi-core` artifact must be mentioned explicitly here.

## Influence Java Class and Method Names

The OpenAPI generator uses the `tag` field to determine the Java service class name and the `operationId` to determine the Java method for each service operation.

> You can influence the service class name and the methods by adding extension fields to the OpenApi specification.

Author: ```suggestion
You can influence the service class name and the method names by adding extension fields to the OpenApi specification.
```

Thereby you can leave the `tag` and `operationId` fields untouched if they need to stay stable.

The Java class name can be overriden with the extension field `x-sap-cloud-sdk-api-name`.
In the following example the custom value `CustomOperations` takes precedence over the `tag` value `Operations`

```yml
/operation/path:
  get:
    summary: My operation
    operationId: myOperation

>     x-sap-cloud-sdk-api-name: CustomOperations

Author: done
